feat: ​add refreshPolicy field to ExternalSecret for enhanced synchronization control​ (#4594)
external-secrets/external-secrets: docs/api/externalsecret.md

When the controller reconciles the `ExternalSecret` it will use the `spec.template` as a blueprint to construct a new `Kind=Secret`. You can use golang templates to define the blueprint and use template functions to transform secret values. You can also pull in `ConfigMaps` that contain golang-template data using `templateFrom`. See [advanced templating](../guides/templating.md) for details.

## Update behavior with 3 different refresh policies

You can control how and when the `ExternalSecret` is refreshed by setting the `spec.refreshPolicy` field. If not specified, the default behavior is `Periodic`.

### CreatedOnce

With `refreshPolicy: CreatedOnce`, the controller will:
- Create the `Kind=Secret` only if it does not exist yet

> - Never update the `Kind=Secret` afterward, even if the source data changes

Reviewer: I 
```suggestion
- Never update the `Kind=Secret` afterwards if the source data changes
- Update/ Recreate the `Kind=Secret` if it gets changed/Deleted
```
